Good day to all with you
some salads and today we'll talk
about what is still a sniper weapon in
standalone is better before z
self-loading simonov carbine i mean
sks or his competitor Mosin rifle
before we consider them not
parts let's go deep
its history will begin
with the Mosin rifle sample 1891
years with a caliber of 762 mm 3
linear magazine rifle
because it is a violation of the Russian
the imperial army in 1891 actively
used period from 1891 to the end
great patriotic war in this
period repeatedly modernized
three-line name comes from
caliber rifle barrel which is equal
three russian lines old measure of length
equal to one tenth of an inch or two 54
millimeter respectively three lines
equal to 7.62 millimeter rifle based
Sample 1891 and its modifications
a number of designs were created
sporting and hunting weapons like
rifled and smoothbore
mass characteristics four and a half
kilogram length of 1738 millimeters with
bayonet one thousand three hundred millimeters without
because
barrel length 800 millimeters cartridge 762
by 54 millimeters or 762
rolling shutter principle
rate of fire 10 shots per minute
initial bullet speed of 865,870 meters
per second sighting range 2000
after all, there is no dark ammunition
shop for 5 rounds and curb
clip before open or optical
now let's move on to the shotgun from ksk
either which previous rifle is equal to 7
62 mm self-loading carbine
Simonov
This is a Soviet self-loading carbine
designs by Sergey Simonov
your cap was put into service in 1949
the first copies began to arrive in
operative parts in early 1945 this
was the only application
throne 762 by 39 millimeters in the second
world war
Characteristics weight three and a half
kilogram length of one thousand two hundred
sixty millimeters with a thousand bayonet
twenty millimeters without a bayonet
barrel length five hundred and twenty
millimeters chuck 762 by 39 millimeters
or
762 principle of operation vapor gas exhaust
locking the periscope shutter down then
I mean, this is a self-loading rate of fire
3540 shots per minute
initial bullet speed of 735 meters per
second sighting range thousand
meters
maximum range which
efficient and equals 400 meters flight
bullets is 3,600 meters
kind of ammunition coffin clean double row not
detachable magazine rechargeable
10 rounds
sector sight of all this let's
we conclude that at short range
best copes with
because of its rate of fire and killer
middle distance same time
like a mosin rifle best
copes on long distances
because of the more powerful destructive power and
the presence of an optical sight also
greater accuracy
playing footage to the goal that you
expose yourself so far
measures everything
footage is set with the page up buttons and
page down
but in general the main feature is
straight hands and convolutions of the head these
parts are integral to good shooter
As for the component, then this
the moment they work is pretty crooked and
sense from them almost no bayonet unless
that will help the enemy to detect you
faster on this let's finish this
flashes and next time we'll talk about
which gun is better
fnx 45 or magnum like and
subscribe to the channel ask
questions in the comments share video with
friends and that 's all good luck
firing